This is a prototype of the Watchtower app which utilizes
Matlab in order to perform calculations on the data sheets
provided in the folder.

The required excel files are as follows:

Biomarker Importance.xlsx
SuicideBiomarkers.xlsx
VeteranPTSDMulti-omicRiskPanel.xlsx
VeteranSuicideEpigenetics.xlsx
VeteranSuicideMilitaryHistory.xlsx

Currently, the program also requires an instance of Matlab
to be installed on the device as well, to operate the
Matlab functions utilized on the Java methods. Matlab is
used due to its vast processing capabilities with raw data
and the widespread use at Georgia Tech. It is reccommended
that Matlab R2019b is installed.

The Pathto the Matlab library must also be defined in the
environmental variables, which can be done by navigating
to the control panel under System, then under Advanced
system settings, and then navigating to the environmental
variables in the pop up window. Under System variables,
navigate to the Path variable and select and edit. Then
add a new path to the Matlab engine, which typically
follows C:\Program Files\MATLAB\R2019b\bin\win64. Then
press OK and exit the window.

The Hackathon.jar file should also be run on the Java
platform, and when the application is executed, a window
will appear detailing the uses of the app.

When calculating patient risk, the result may take some
time, so do not worry about closing the application during
this time.

Thank you for following along the installation process for
this prototype of the Watchtower app.